and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business
growth show delighted to be joined by my
good friend today
jason mcelhone this is jason's believe
it or not
third time back on the show and i think
he's the first guest
to be invited back three times so that's
something in itself we're going to be
talking all about playing
the long game on social media today
jason's the ceo
over at remote sales he provides remote
sales concepts consultation for small
and
mid-sized businesses starting at 5k a
month jason welcome back dude how you
doing
very well man great to be back on the
show sam
looking forward to it man a lot's
changed since we last chatted you've
you've
upped your game on social wrap your game
on youtube which we'll get into
um but yeah today's topic i think is
gonna be massively useful for
everyone tuning in as well as myself on
how we can ultimately generate
opportunities
through social grow our businesses grow
our revenue and all that good stuff
um so perhaps we should kick this off
by saying um why if if if you're on
social media
why it perhaps isn't for you if you want
instant results if you want instant
graphic gratification
so what are your thoughts there jason
great question all right so
the challenge that we have in the sales
community is
all of these short-term quotas
it you know it your typical salesperson
is
12 to 18 months before they're on to
another job so
as soon as you step into that chair
whether you're an sdr an ae
or a seasoned vet like myself it's all
about performance
and we forget that when it comes to
social media it takes months and
especially years in order to develop a
brand
and for all the folks out there who
might be asking jason hey
what's it take to build a brand i've
said this before i'll say it again
you talk about what you care about you
talk about what you care about sam it
rhymes and it works
so in several months or even up to a
year
engaging with your potential customer
and you can find that through sales
navigator or something like seamless.ai
etc
by the time that you actually reach out
whether it's by dm
or you actually make a phone call or an
email there's some sort of name
recognition
there's brand awareness you're known as
that person who's given
away value for free maybe directly
related
to your business or it could be a side
hustle that you're passionate about
yeah um but we need to start focusing on
the long game and developing your own
personal brand
because if it's all business all the
time it's just not gonna work
okay all right yeah well that that's
that does make sense so let's break that
down a bit
and put this into something fairly
tangible so people can take something
away for this so
i love what you mentioned there talk
talk about what you care about it rhymes
um and yes it's certainly relevant when
it comes to building a personal brand so
does that mean we should just be talking
about kind of what my pet's having for
dinner
um tonight which is probably dog food
which he has the same every night but
who is it that's obviously a silly
example but is is it how do we get the
balance or do we need to balance it
between perhaps the product or the
service that we offer
and what's the same thing perhaps
something we're interested in personally
or how do we go about striking something
that
gets a nice blend between the two
i'm a huge fan of the 80 20 rule uh i
used to think
12 months ago that i had to give
everything away and i had no right to
offer a sales ask now i think it's 80
20.
so if you go all in on your personal
brand 80 of the time
you have to share something personal or
something within the expertise that you
currently find yourself in
so for me as an example i spent half my
life on wall street managing money for
accredited investors
so i have this hashtag stocks with jason
on linkedin
and over the course of the last year and
a half i probably have close to 400
folks that i'm communicating with by way
of dm
sharing stock picks when i get in when i
get out but that right there
in terms of adding value has helped
bring opportunity
and new business clients related to this
sales outsourcing partnership that i
have with a company called sales
analytics
so you have to spend eighty percent of
your time
every four out of five posts share it
like in your case
share a photo of that baby as you do you
gotta give your prospects a chance
to like you and trust you beyond
whatever it is you quote do for a living
but if you do that consistently you
absolutely have a right to say hey i
just launched a new book
well i've got a channel over on youtube
that's blowing up right now
i need you to subscribe or i need you to
follow me at sale lytics because we're
driving over five billion dollars a year
in incremental sales
for about 75 companies and if i spent 80
percent of my time
giving away my expertise my tips my
tricks
my audience my potential prospects will
be more inclined to
do whatever it is i'm asking them to do
yeah
yeah and that makes sense and do you
think
on that note jason that we need to if
we're new to this or we're perhaps not
putting out much on social let's take
linkedin
as an example in the b2b business to
business space
do we need to start with the end game in
mind so
do we need to think ultimately we we
probably want to do this to actually
generate leads
inquiries to start conversations with
our ideal prospects or idle customers so
do we need to think
this content's got to be geared around
xyz to actually be of interest or of
help
or of use or entertainment to them so i
need to craft the
stuff i put together around that or is
there something else that you suggest
that's
worked really well for yourself or your
clients
i think people need to again it goes
back to the personal brand
one thing that folks may not be aware of
is only one percent
create content about nine percent are
considered power users
those are the folks that are in the
comments every day without them there
would be no social media
but 90 of social media and this has been
the norm now for 15 years and you can
find
tons of studies on on the internet about
it they lurk
they don't say anything they may engage
or watch
your video or read your po listen to
your podcast
but they don't say anything they're
always lurking in in the background so
you have to have
a mindset that i'm playing the long game
here i have to develop my personal brand
so that my audience
grows to like me and trust me and that
doesn't happen overnight
that's a multi-month multi-year process
and if most sales folks in particular
are going to be moving on to somewhere
else
within 12 to 18 months if all you talk
about
is the company that you're currently
working for what are you going to do in
18 months you're going to be starting
all over again
so i would encourage everybody to ask
the following question because something
we call imposter syndrome
is real i was scared to death three
years ago when i first started
i was i was shaking so bad when i was
doing a video outside a place called
dunkin donuts
it's a coffee place here in the states
that i had to rest my arm
on the uh the window because the camera
was shaking so bad i was like who am i
to
speak up i you know i have failed in my
life i've gone bankrupt in 2008
what do i have to offer but once i
jumped in the pool i realized that all
of us have something that we can bring
to the table
and when you talk about what you care
about you're naturally going to find
your niche
and for me it's about helping small and
mid-sized businesses
grow their company and i've stumbled
into
youtube in the last 12 months because
here in the states
you know just like everywhere else in
the world we went through a pandemic
and then they had these loans and grants
for small business owners and once i
understood
that folks like myself were getting
wiped out
i said i'm going all in so the question
i'd like everyone to ask this weekend
what's the worst that can happen if you
go in all in on developing your brand
talking about what you care about what's
the worst that can happen
if i are you okay well chances are you
were going to be going somewhere else in
a year anyway
a client's going to fire you i can
promise you from experience
for everyone that walks away because i
might drop an f-bomb over on youtube
there's another one that's going to say
you know what that's real
and what happened in b2c with the
kardashians as one example
is now coming to b2b we need to relax
the culture
and get real with people and be willing
to talk about things that are a bit odd
because it's all the same at the end of
the day you're writing a check to
someone you like
and trust to solve a problem
yeah yeah yeah and i can relate to when
you mentioned
you did your first video three or so
years back outside dunking donuts so i
can relate to that when i first started
the podcast as you'll probably remember
you're one of the first guests chase
along with guys like brandon branson
daniel disney and a few others and
i was literally shaking before i was
recording some of those back when we
were still using zoom because it was
brand new to me
i literally thrown myself in the deep
end i thought oh i've actually got
to talk to people that
i really admire look up to and trust and
yeah really it really came through but
it's one of those things just like you
say once you jump into it once you get
stuck in it's like
it's not that bad it's actually quite
fun and it's
over time just like posting content you
get better and better you learn from
your mistakes
you start having fun with it right it's
like riding the bike right when you
first start without the training rules
wheels you're going to fall down you're
going to skin your knee
you're going to look like a fool
everybody goes through that same
what we call imposter syndrome where
we're scared to offer
ourselves to the world because we're
afraid of what our clients are going to
think what are my colleagues there's
something that can happen because as i
said only one percent have the guts to
get in front of the camera or jump on a
podcast
so when you start doing that you walk to
the beat of your own drum
you are going to have colleagues that
are gonna start uh saying things behind
your back maybe even to your face
that you you're being a little too edgy
or you need to consider the company
culture when you're getting out there
and
getting a little too colorful with your
language jason
and if it's going to be that stifling
then you may be in the wrong place
because
those that get it that understand that
what happened in b2c
is now coming to b2b in large part
because of the remote work lifestyle
we're all going through
are going to be the companies that
explode in the next five to ten years
but the ones that
you know insist that we all have it all
buttoned up and you're wearing that
starch shirt and that blue blazer and
you know for example when's the last
time you ever saw a fortune 500
executive a vp of sales at a sales force
an
oracle great companies tremendous
companies get in front of the camera
like you do with a baby
or talk about barbecue sauce something
that would resonate with a guy like jake
dunlap
big kansas city chief fan he's a fanatic
about barbecue sauce
i guarantee if you're an sdr and you put
together a
short 60 second video of a homemade rub
that you put together
and jake sees that the odds of him
answering your phone call when you do
reach out in a month or two
are way high but if you're all biz
all the time you never show anything
that you're passionate about
you're not willing to talk about your
weaknesses your failures and your
success
you have no shot in this new world that
we're evolving into
yeah yeah yeah such a such a great point
such a good way to stand out
and like you say if you can pick up on
what other people are doing in terms of
what they're posting it's stuff that you
can leverage in your own sales
conversations as well
as a good way to stand out from the
crowd um you re you touched on something
quite interesting there jase
that i've spoke with i think it was
scott barker a while back
do you think that businesses the
organizations
i guess namely larger scale ones that
have got a lot of reps
a lot a lot of sales rep perhaps
marketing reps that are going to be
hanging out on linkedin and going to be
wanting to do biz from there
do you think they should be given free
rein on social to do as they want with
their personal brand
or do you think they should really put
in guidelines and say yes you can post
as long as it's about our
our company or our products what are
your thoughts sir i love scott and
there's so many others that are
killing it on linkedin in terms of
content creation here's a perfect
example
and i don't mean to pick on salesforce
because i think it's arguably the best
crm in the entire world
the last time i checked they had a
couple of million followers on linkedin
on their company page
but they get on average about 10 likes
and two or three comments
well just imagine if salesforce is one
example
turn the you know all those sales and
marketing executives which has to be
into the tens
of thousands and give them permission
with certain guidelines right
there's no swearing there's no drinking
and drugging etc on camera
don't disparage the company or the
culture but by all means get out there
and talk about what you care about
well you would suddenly have 10 15
20 000 executives from the newest of
sdrs
to vps of sales sharing the sales force
or the fortune 500 culture
in real time and that would generate
tens of thousands of likes and shares
and engagement
before you know it salesforce would be
known as a
hip cutting edge modern slash
remote work lifestyle which is i know
which i know something that mark benioff
is a big fan of
but again when's the last time you saw a
fortune 500 executive
whether it's in sales or marketing i'm
not talking about from the floor or
doing a synopsis of some event
when have you seen them out fishing or
whenever you see them talking about a
personal bankruptcy that they may have
had a few years ago
or even worse perhaps a divorce that
they've gone through a loss of a loved
one i've never seen it
it's always these smaller startups
that have a what the hell let's roll the
dice and take a chance attitude
that end up developing what i call a
sticky buyer
because once there's that relationship
with you and the prospect and they know
something beyond
what it is that you sell they're not
going anywhere
and they're much more likely to refer
new business
yeah so it's like it's like the sun what
is it the sum of the parts is greater
than the whole
if everyone would just let the hounds
loose
turn loose those thousands of sales and
marketing executives give them
permissions with certain guidelines
to build a brand and your social reach
would go through the roof
yeah man yes it's a great point and like
you say
with some exceptions that is very much
the case isn't it
that it does look that way anyway we
could be wrong in some instances for
some companies that do give their reps
kind of
not necessarily free reign but
guidelines to post social and build that
personal brand but on the whole it does
seem exactly as you've said
um so on that note you raised raised a
nice point earlier saying that
if you're constantly posting about your
product what you do
if you change jobs or you change your
company a few months time you're kind of
gonna be screwed aren't you because
you've been rambling on about all this
stuff
but then it might not even be relevant
in 6 12 18 months time where something
changes
so i guess posting in your case what you
care about kind of really makes sense
should we be gearing our content though
slightly towards what we do so it has
got a bit of an angle
so people don't always think that we're
just kind of going out fishing or
drinking coffee or whatever it is we
enjoy doing
um is there a bit of a game that you or
a bit of a way you you kind of gear it
towards what you do or any advice you
give us
yeah it goes back to the 80 20 rule so i
talk about stocks a lot both on
youtube and linkedin but i also offer up
a lot of sales content
and there's no sales ask whatsoever for
example i'm about ready to do
a video this coming week on why i love
sdrs there's no sales ass
there yeah there's no sales ass there
i've talked about how to make a cold
call
i've got a new a video that's also going
to be coming out soon
it's one sentence that sales folks can
use on linkedin
you can use it as a dm a voicemail or a
video one sentence
that gets huge conversions if
you have a brand so what i talk about
what i care about a lot of it has to do
with sales
and helping sdrs and aes and pd's
make more money become more successful
and as long as i do that 80
of the time without any sales asked
meaning i'm not asking anybody to give
me any of their time or their money
then i'm developing the brand but i am
telling you right now
you have a right in 2021 on a b2b
platform
one out of every five times or so to say
hey look
here's what i need you to do there's
something in it for you as well as me
and as someone who's been giving away
my tips my tricks my expertise now for
years i believe you've earned the right
to ask someone for a demo to buy a book
to book a seat at a seminar or whatever
it happens to be
so you can talk about seo in your case
you can talk about how to build a
website
without asking someone to do anything
and by giving away some your ip
people are gonna say wow sam just gave
me a real golden nugget
i could go elsewhere but why would i
i want to do business with him or her
because they're giving away
their value without asking me for
anything in return at least 80
of the time so true literally the
strategy that i followed for the last
year or so
and that many others do that that do
well on linkedin is like you say giving
away useful content
and then over time it builds that trust
and you're the person that when they
need
xyz service you cut they come to you
because they've been seeing you in their
their feed every day
and you've been the one that's been
entertaining them helping them provide
them useful tips
have you so you've given us some great
pointers in actually producing the
content
talking about what you care about and
some some good ideas there jace have you
got any
ways that you like to use be them
unusual be them quite sensible in terms
of actually turning
this content into conversations with um
with people we want to be doing business
with
yeah you've got so many choices now
right you can do
linkedin twitter facebook you've got
youtube lives you've got
you know clubhouse and snapchat there's
a dozen
avenues in which you can start creating
content what i would suggest for anyone
that's new to this game of
content creation or building a brand is
start small
i would even say your goal is once a
week
even if your hands are shaking and you
got a knot in your stomach
that's normal we all went through that
you might want to consider
sitting down and just write a post and
and make it personal
talk about something you failed on
because i'm telling you right now and
you know this to be true sam nothing
sells like failure on social media
whenever i go out and i start pounding
the old chest about i did this or that
it's crickets
but the minute i say hey i got wiped out
in 2008 i lost everything
including my self-esteem and here's what
i learned for from it boom it blows up
and then when you get to the point of
where
you're on a podcast or in a video in
particular you just
ask your audience for feedback so i'm
about to do a video about why i love
sdrs of course i'm going to ask them a
question or two
and get them to engage in the content
which of course is going to help
everybody learn something expand the
reach which is
a challenge these days on linkedin with
respect to video
the algorithms always changing but start
small
and know that it's okay to be nervous if
you're not i would think something's
wrong
and then once a week will turn into
twice a week
and then you'll broaden out into the
three or four different modes of
communication
and then just ask a question what do you
guys think about this
or how do you feel about that and one
last point is
don't post in ghost that's a huge
mistake i see a lot especially on
youtube
people will share a video and it's very
very good in many cases
but then you look in the comments and
there's no engagement
as far as i'm concerned as someone takes
a few minutes to share their thoughts
even if they throw you overboard
i like to engage them as long as they
don't cross the line i engage the
so-called haters
because many of them end up becoming
friends or allies
of the brand but don't post in ghost ask
a question
and then respond and engage with your
viewers and that's going to help
ultimately drive business some great
pointers man
yeah yeah some some good stuff
especially in terms of asking questions
actually engaging with with who's in
your feed
so i guess if if someone's taking the
time to leave a comment
or response in terms of something you've
put up and then you've not bothered to
reply
it's almost like it's rude really isn't
it because they've actually in some
cases put something thoughtful or added
some value or put their own opinion
so it's just good manners right and i
guess it just reflects better on
yourself your brand if
you take the time to give them a nice
response a lot of to that point sam
is there's a huge amount of ego in the
c-suite
right i may have a title of ceo but if
you email me as an sdr and
in fact half of the people that i'm
engaging with in terms of stock picks
they're not vice president level and
higher a lot of them are sdrs and or
account managers who love the stock
market
so we have to get off the high horse and
you got to show the audience that
gee he or she's a vp of sales or
marketing or that guy is a ceo and he's
engaging with an sdr
yes because the audience the market so
to speak is going to see that
you're you're taking the time to engage
with someone because we all were there
at one point
right wet behind the ears didn't have a
clue i still don't have a clue
i'm 50 years old i'll be 51 next month i
still don't have a clue about a lot of
things
i still every single day and i'm going
to talk about this in the next two weeks
on a few videos i'm doing i still make
mistakes every single day
people hang up on me i fumble the ball
on the one yard line
but that's part of the sales game in
fact it's life in general and everybody
watching me right now
should know that yeah yeah yeah exactly
we're only human right um now jay so i
want to get into this because we've
talked a lot on the show about linkedin
there's plenty of episodes
that you can you can look back and to
talk about linkedin content creation of
legion but
you 11 months back you started a youtube
channel
i remember you messaging me at the time
i think i was in the gym you said i'm
sam i'm going to start a youtube channel
and i said great
i think you'll do pretty well because
the content you put out on linkedin is
pretty pretty cool it entertains it gets
good responses 11 months down the line
60k subscribers um over 3 million views
so what what's the secret man i mean how
did you do that because that's a pretty
short space of time to blow up just like
that
yeah um a i got lucky
here in the states with the lockdown um
businesses like myself in march april
and may of 2020 were wiped out
i lost two-thirds of my customers like
that we had a commercial furniture
supplier that was building product in
china
say no more we lost almost everything
uh when the lockdowns began in march of
2000 so i was personally looking for
help myself
i ended up going to sba.gov applied for
something called the emergency
eidl loans and grants for small business
owners
and then the sba changed the rules we
were supposed to get 10 000
within 72 hours well we didn't and they
ended up rationing the grants at 1 000
per employee
and capping the loans at 150 grand
instead of 2 million dollars where they
belong
and it got into my soul because i
realized there are millions of small
business owners right now that are going
bankrupt
because they're not getting access to
the funds that they were promised in the
cares act
so i went on youtube and i started a
channel and the brand is raw
real uncut unedited to everybody
watching me right now i've never edited
a video
everything i do is on this iphone i
wouldn't even know how to edit a video
so if you think you need a fancy camera
and 4k this and that
i've never done any of that you got to
be raw
in your own way what does that mean
unfiltered you don't have to edit
everything nine ways to sunday sam why
do you think bloopers
are so important and and highly watched
in a movie
everybody wants to see their hollywood
hero make a mistake
i've had videos where i've lost my train
of thought it may happen here today
and i leave it in i'm like holy
that's 45 seconds of dead air
well people think that's real and that's
funny so
long story short i have absorbed the
pain
and the anxiety of the small business
owners and i have
colorful language on youtube i separate
that on linkedin
i never swear on linkedin it's a
different audience
it's a different mix of folks but i
asked myself that question i may have
mentioned earlier what's the worst that
can happen
someone's going to fire me fine someone
else will hire me
that knows i'm real and i'm i'm speaking
from the heart of all times and then
you know millions of views just showed
up and i woke up ten thousand
twenty thousand thirty thousand and then
i'm at a point right now
where i'm actually making more money on
youtube than i am with my business
but if you follow the channel i give
away
huge sums of money because people are
hurting
and in the process of giving back to the
community that's just helped the brand
continue to explode and
who knows i may be knocking on a hundred
thousand within six months
yeah and i think there's some tips that
you've shared here jason that apply
to many social channels so namely
linkedin and youtube that we've been
talking about
being able to talk about what you
actually care about being genuine being
actually sharing what you're doing
sharing things without
kind of making it stuffy and boring so
certainly when i first started posting
on linkedin
i thought it had to be professional it
had to be corporate i couldn't really
post this stuff because
if i post about my personal life then
people might think i'm being
unprofessional
so i think those myths just need to be
busted right and it's
like we've like we've covered in the
last 20 25 minutes
it's it's something that's gonna layer
up um
when people are seeing a mix of content
relevant to what you offer
and content relevant to your personal
life and what you care about they're
gonna
get build that trust and realize that
it's not a robot behind the screen it's
actually a real person
that they could get on with and they
could have a conversation with this is
that about right jace
yeah and like i said earlier what
happened in b2c
is now in the early stages where the
bottom of the first top of the second
and a nine inning ball game analogy
is happening in b2b in fact if if you
still don't believe anything i've said
today
go on youtube and watch tony robbins
new i think it's awake in the giant
he literally comes out you know they got
the music rock and he's got that
baseball bat
and he opens up the show and this just
started about a year ago
he says and i quote how you
mother efforts doing and i almost fell
off my chair i'm like this is my
childhood hero
saying mother effort in the same thing
with eckhart tolle someone in the
spiritual realm that i respect
tremendously
he recently did a live broadcast where
he said the f word not once but twice
and you could hear the audience go but
they understand now that
it's okay to be real in the so-called
b2b commercial space but so few of us
are doing it
but the ones that have the guts to just
be yourself and it doesn't mean you have
to drop the f-bomb but i'm telling you
right now same thing with ryan sirhan
billion dollars a year in uh real estate
transactions
go on youtube he's got one of the emmy
award-winning shows
there's at least two or three f-bombs in
every 20-minute clip
gary vaynerchuk another example my
goodness
he's he's now bleeping some of it but
he's built
damn near a billion dollar empire being
arguably the most colorful
figure on social media so you got to
come out of the
box that we've all been placed in and
just start getting
real with the audience in your own way
you don't have to be like me but you got
to be yourself
and take a chance on talking about what
you care about
yeah and just made me think really it
gives you a good point to stand out
because there's too much boring content
right just the same old stuff
talking about products talking about
services just generic stuff that's no
value like check out our blog post check
out our company
award or just this stuff that no one
really cares about because you're just
talking about yourself but when you when
you spin it up
when you when you kind of put these
pattern interrupts that we've been
talking about
it's just just a good way to break out
in the feed if we're talking about
linkedin or if we're talking about
youtube
it's yeah it's kind of breaking them all
so it's been an enjoyable chat jason
just to wrap things up
are there any other any other advice for
anyone that's been listening in thinking
yeah
i think i can give this content stuff a
go any other final pointers or final
remarks on what they need to consider
or what they should do after they've
been doing it perhaps for a little while
just to make sure they are actually
generating the conversations and they
are going to be able to generate some
some
business from from the work they're
putting in
yeah great question first of all
understand everybody who's watching
right now it's normal if you're nervous
and you're going to have to have a
conversation with your leadership
you need to sit down if you're in sales
as an example but it applies to
everybody
sit down with your your boss your
supervisor and say hey look
the writing's on the wall i need to
start developing a personal brand i want
to know if i have the freedom and we can
talk about what the guidelines and the
rules are
to start putting myself in front of the
camera or at least becoming a guest
that's another
pointer i would give the audience you
don't have to start your own podcast
right away i don't have one but i could
be a guest on a show for the rest of my
life every single week
but you have to have that conversation
is it okay for me to talk about this
this and this and if your boss starts
you know giving you the squint eye and
folding the arms and thinking well i'm
not so sure about that
you may be in the wrong organization and
i'm not saying you got to roll the dice
and become an entrepreneur but
a side hustle or another company that
gets it
is probably where you're going to need
to be because i'm telling you right now
and i've been in the sales
game my whole life this smile and dial
call center stuff
is going away if all you're gonna do is
dial phone numbers with strangers that
have no idea who you are what your value
prop is
in the next two or three years your
toast it's the multi-channel reps the
multi-channel firms that write podcast
video engage make mistakes put
themselves out there
that are going to be killing it so start
small
go once a week um talk about what you
care about and i as i said earlier i'm
available
don't don't let the title i'm a
glorified sdr and i'm going to talk
about that next week
reach out to me if you have questions on
where to start
mistakes or concerns that you might have
and i will do whatever i can to help
point in the right direction
awesome man well that's a great way to
to wrap it up jason really appreciate
you coming back
on the show mate enjoyed the enjoy the
chat and we'll have to get you back for
uh for a fourth time
in in the very near future but with that
please do tell us more about how people
can connect with you
how people can learn more about you and
get in touch yeah you can follow me
basically on two places i'm at youtube
and especially on linkedin it's two
different audiences same name
jason mcluhan if you want to send me an
email it's jason
remotesales.com and once again i have a
partnership with
sale lytics driving five billion dollars
a year as an outsourced sales provider
so make sure you follow us on that
linkedin page i appreciate
being on the show sam it was a big
thrill no worries man and all those
links will be available
on the website which is
businessgrowth.marketing
thanks once again jace had a great time
thanks buddy i appreciate it
cheers dude if you enjoy the show be
sure to hit subscribe for business
growth show wherever the heck you get
your podcast from
we interview two business leaders each
and every week to provide actionable
tips across sales
marketing all with a goal to help you
grow your business and grow your revenue
and with that
we'll catch you on the next episode